## Abstract

This project uses the STM32F4xx discovery board to display the vehicle filter control system. Most car cables are driven by a DC motor, but the STM32F4xxdiscovery doesn't have a motor, so we're testing the use of LEDs in this application. For example, wiper control. The STM32F4xx discovery board has 4 LEDs and a push button. The colors of these LEDs are orange, green, red and blue. The current limiting resistor connects the four user LEDs to the PD12, PD13, PD14, and PD15PORTD pins on the recovery board.  GPIO pins are configured as digital input pins to enable the button on the STM32F407VG controller. Press and hold the user button for 2 seconds and the LED will turn red. If the ignition key is in ACC. The LED will also flash to indicate that the  wiper is on. 
The wiper operation is manual and must be opened to remove rain and dirt from the windshield. Not only does this require the driver's attention, but it also causes some discomfort to the driver, causing distraction and increasing the risk of accidents. Automatic rain sensors are now a must to make drivers comfortable and reduce the risk of accidents. Although such devices are on the market, they are relatively popular in the automotive industry due to their high cost and other similar limitations. The purpose of this project was to promote another low cost model in the market while maintaining efficiency. Rain sensors, microcontrollers, and driver integrated circuits (ICs) are key components used in the construction and operation of the proposed devices. Falling water is quickly and accurately detected by the rain sensor and sends a signal to the second component. H. A microcontroller that gives the driver IC the ability to change the required movement of the wire when using a servomotor. This device transforms hard manual labor into smooth automation.